feat(biome): addition of an ESM and React supplemental Biome config (#1018)
readmeio/eslint-config: packages/standards/README.md

| Config | Description |
| :-- | :--- |
| `@readme/standards/biome` | For projects that use [Biome](https://biomejs.dev/). |
| `@readme/standards/biome/esm` | &mdash; addon for ESM-only repositories.<sup>†</sup>  |
| `@readme/standards/biome/react` | &mdash; addon for React codebases.<sup>†‡</sup>  |
| `@readme/standards/prettier` | For projects that use [Prettier](https://prettier.io/). |

<sub>† This requires also using `@readme/standards/biome`.</sub>

> <sub>‡ Though Biome supports linting React and JSX by default this supplemental is for additional rules that should apply **only** within those codebases.</sub>

Reviewer: also adding a newline here:

```suggestion

<sub>‡ Though Biome supports linting React and JSX by default this supplemental is for additional rules that should apply **only** within React packages.</sub>
```
